Update faq-oracle-database-azure.md (#125145)
Azure/azure-content: articles/oracle/oracle-db/faq-oracle-database-azure.md

### Can I use Azure Monitor with Oracle Database@Azure?

> Yes. Metrics are published for the Oracle Exadata infrastructure, for VM clusters, and for Oracle databases. The database metrics are listed under VM metrics. You can create custom dashboards for Azure Monitor to use with your application monitoring for a unified view. Please refer to Exadata metrics[here](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/odexa/odexa-monitoring-exadata-services.html) and metrics for autonomous database [here](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/odadb/odadb-monitoring-autonomous-database-services.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Metrics are published for the Oracle Exadata infrastructure, for VM clusters, and for Oracle databases. The database metrics are listed under VM metrics. You can create custom dashboards for Azure Monitor to use with your application monitoring for a unified view. For more information, see [Exadata metrics](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/odexa/odexa-monitoring-exadata-services.html) and [metrics for autonomous database](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/odadb/odadb-monitoring-autonomous-database-services.html)
```
conform to Microsoft style

> Yes. Metrics are published for the Oracle Exadata infrastructure, for VM clusters, and for Oracle databases. The database metrics are listed under VM metrics. You can create custom dashboards for Azure Monitor to use with your application monitoring for a unified view. For more information, see [Exadata metrics](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/odexa/odexa-monitoring-exadata-services.html) and [metrics for autonomous database](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/odadb/odadb-monitoring-autonomous-database-services.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Metrics are published for the Oracle Exadata infrastructure, for VM clusters, and for Oracle databases. The database metrics are listed under VM metrics. You can create custom dashboards for Azure Monitor to use with your application monitoring for a unified view. For more information, see [Exadata metrics](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/odexa/odexa-monitoring-exadata-services.html) and [metrics for autonomous database](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/odadb/odadb-monitoring-autonomous-database-services.html).
```
